Someone transferred 10 million yuan to Chen Hui's bank card
Who turned it?
In the name of Sun Jihai, Governor of Hong Sheng
However, after our people investigated, they found that
The real source of the money
It's the bank account of Wood World
What and
That money
Only stayed in Chen Hui's bank account for 3 minutes
Then he was transferred out by Chen Hui
As for who to transfer it to
We are still verifying each other's identity.
Confused, really confused
Married into the Chen family
He was tortured like that by Chen Hui and Sun Shangxiang
Senior sister has been in the dark
He also transferred so much money to Chen Hui
I must let Senior Sister Mu
See the true colors of Chen Hui and Sun Shangxiang as soon as possible
Drive faster
Here. Cheers. Cheers.
Come come
Can you stop being disobedient?
I will kill you.
Li Shao Wang Shao
Zhang Shao Liu Shao
I brought you people
Come, come, come
You really know how to play, kid.
I'm just having fun.
In the future, we will have to rely on our four big brothers to do business
Don't worry, as long as we have fun
other
Anything is easy to say